---
date: 2024-05-23 11:48:05
layout: post
title: "Hi I'm Peter (:"
subtitle: "Current M.S. student at Northwestern, studying biomedical engineering, data science, and software design"
description: >- 
  Click to learn more about me!
image: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dsyak6tlh/image/upload/v1748921286/IMG_5260_ieci6f.jpg
optimized_image: >- 
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dsyak6tlh/image/upload/v1748921286/IMG_5260_ieci6f.jpg
category: 
tags:
  - welcome
author: mranderson
paginate: true
---
## Welcome to my website! Let me tell you a little more about myself.

I'm currently working on my Masters degree in Biomedical Engineering at Northwestern University, with a concentration in data science and software design. After beginning my undergraduate education at UCLA as a Biomedical Engineer, I discovered a profound enjoyment for software engineering, and added computer science coursework. My interests specifically lie in AI, and how I can use Machine Learning to better the lives of others, whether that be in biotech or beyond!

### My recent work in Software Development, AI, and Biotech

Most recently my professional work found me doing backend software development at a startup called Lintbook.com with some ex-Amazonian engineers. Here, I got my first deep-dive into working with AWS (S3, Lambda, DynamoDB, etc.), and building out an entire workflow to process invoice/receipt images uploaded to the app or sent to us via email using machine learning image recognition methods. The app seeks to make managing your finances easier, by giving you a simpler way to track your finances and plan your expenditures!

Right after graduating from UCLA, I worked with the Biomedical Imaging Research Institute at <strong>Cedars-Sinai Hospital</strong> in Los Angeles on <em>deep learning and machine learning</em> frameworks for medical image segmentation and disease risk analysis. They asked me to join their team after my senior engineering capstone project, where I led a group of 6 other UCLA engineering students in a project to refine a U-Net Deep Learning framework for segmenting CT images. We then designed a machine learning algorithm to extract features that were relevant indicators of disease risk. 

With this group, I also worked with a couple other segmentation frameworks, some of which can be found on my <a href="https://github.com/peter3marsh">GitHub</a>, and I was promoted to the position of Research Associate at the BIRI. Having had the chance to work in AI research really opened my eyes to the massive benefits of its development, particularly for the field of biotechnology.

### How I found a love for engineering

I grew up with medical physician parents, and three uncles who worked in software engineering. I knew that I wanted to get my degree in engineering because of my uncles, but also find a way to apply those engineering skills to help others, like my parents. My uncles told me that the most imporant thing an engineering degree teaches you is <em>how to solve problems</em> like an engineer, regardless of which kind of engineering you specialize in, and I've found this to be true for all of my projects.

### My interests outside of work

As you'll find out from other parts of this website, I <strong>love</strong> to travel. In the last few years I've been to Iceland, the Netherlands, Ireland, New Zealand, Argentina and, most recently, Japan. I love to take pictures when I travel, and I've posted some of my favorites under a separate page on this site!

I'm also a gamer, a musician, and a gym enjoyer. My favorite game series of all time is Bioshock, and I've played flute for 14 years in several orchestras and other ensembles.